man in the orphanage Eddie sweetie you
can use me with Robin the big guy and I
aren't all that close oh I know it's
because of what will happen to his
feline friend if he doesn't get here in
time
shock dark night stunned you didn't
expect this did you that is because you
are no match
backed away Batman will take care of
scarecrow and I'll take care of
everybody's stuff
my room is fellas still out call the guy
got a plan you don't believe me
Riddler has Catwoman tell me why I don't
know anything I swear I just tied her up
and left her tonight
why what's nygma's play I ain't got a
clue I just brought her here and planted
some of those trophies nearby and said
you gotta believe me I do
Batman
that had better be you and you had
better be sorry keep still
are you okay perfect what little girl
doesn't dream of being bait for her
strapping dark night we're leaving you
might be but I'm not
ah both contestants are finally here
tonight folks we've got riddles galore
but first let me introduce my beautiful
assistants I'm growing tired of my
dependence upon the least useless dregs
I can scrape from Gotham's utterly
uninspired underbelly